Slew of minor doc fixes (#20860)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/data_into_visit/CreatingDatabasePlugin.rst

The two components that you may already be familiar with are the client and the viewer.
VisIt_ has GUI, Python interface, and Java clients that control the visualization operations performed by the viewer, which is the central state repository and graphics rendering component.
The other components, which are not immediately visible, are the database server and the compute engine.

> The database server (sometimes called the metadata server) is responsible for browsing the filesystem and letting you know which files can be opened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database server (sometimes called the metadata server) is responsible for browsing the file system and letting you know which files can be opened.
```

If you change the name, version, or file extensions that your plug-in uses then you should re-run ``xml2info`` instead of running ``xml2plugin``.
The next set of files are the AVT file format source and header files.
The AVT file format source code files are C++ source code files that you will complete using new code to read your file format.
Finally, ``xml2cmake`` created a *CMakeLists.txt* file that CMake can use to generate a build system for your plug-in.

> If you run ``cmake .`` at the command prompt and you are on a UNIX system such as Linux or macOS, CMake will generate a Makefile for your plug-in.

Reviewer 2: Why make the change from `MacOS X` to `macOS`? Are we losing information here? Why change from `Mac OS` to `macOS`? `Linux`, `Windows`, and `UNIX` all start with capital letters. Why should `macOS` not be capitalized?

Reviewer: I think we should change to `macOS`, as that's Apple's name for OS.

However there are a few cases were changes keep the X (`macOS X`), which we don't want. 
So we need to be careful.

Reviewer 2: @cyrush convinced me that macOS is the right way. So please ignore my comments about changing it for stylistic reasons. But any time we are changing a path or a URL we need to be careful. There are also many cases where we include the X still after codex made changes, like Cyrus pointed out.

Once your plug-in is built, it will be stored in a platform-specific subdirectory of the *.visit*  directory in your home directory (``~/.visit``).
If you type: ``find ~/.visit -name "*.so"`` into your command window, you will be able to locate the *libE*, *libI*, and *libM* files that make up your compiled plug-in (see :numref:`Figure %s <pluginbuildresults>`).

> If you develop for macOS X, you should substitute ``*.dylib`` for ``*.so`` in the previous command because shared libraries on macOS X have a *.dylib* file extension instead of a *.so* file extension.

Reviewer 2: See my comment above.

Reviewer 2: Need to remove the X's

> If you develop for macOS X, you should substitute ``*.dylib`` for ``*.so`` in the previous command because shared libraries on macOS X have a *.dylib* file extension instead of a *.so* file extension.

Reviewer: If we change to macOS, we need to drop the `X`

Author: My understanding is OSX is outdated. Its called `macOS` now.

This means that even if you build plug-ins against the installed version of VisIt_, it will still be able to find your private plug-ins.

It is recommended that while you develop your plug-ins, you only install them in your *~/.visit*  directory so other VisIt_ users will not be affected.

> However, if you develop your plug-in on macOS X, you will have to make sure that your plug-ins are installed publicly so that they can be loaded at runtime.

Reviewer 2: ^

Reviewer 2: need to remove the X
